The thing with which I want to start and this course is to hook up navigation to ever load recipes or
the shopping list.
Now we will later learn a way to do this in the way it is meant to be done but the solution we will
agree at now also is very creative.
Not bad.
I will use energy.
If you only load one of the two sections at a time.
So somehow in my app component probably because that is where I include both here.
I will need to manage which one ship be displayed and I should determine which one is displayed in the
head or component.
So I should kind of passed the information which a link was clicked there to my app component so that
I can then switch a property dare to only display one of these two components.
I will admit that this task involves multiple steps.
It doesn't cover anything you haven't learnt Thus far though so definitely take this as a challenge
to implement such a navigation on your own.
Emitting some event in the header which allows us to determine which component should be displayed here
in the app component.
Now's your chance to pause the video will do it to Gebre thereafter.
So where are you successful.
Here is my solution how we could get this to work the way we want it to work.
I'll start any hetero component template here.
We got these two links and I want to attach some klick listeners to Rieslings.
Here I will say on select and I will pass a string.
Your recipe maybe we can of course pass our own data to the methods we execute here and here.
I will select a number one or add a number click listener and I will say on select shopping list.
You can of course also work with numbers there or fire to totally different methods.
So that is my on select method.
Now in the head or component I of course need to implement on select and we get an argument here.
We pass it year right.
We get a string on what to select.
So maybe let's name it feature and that will be a string.
So let's assign the type string here by adding a colon and string there after and now as I said I want
to emit my own event.
Hey we learned how to do this.
First of all I'll need to add a new property which all name feature selected.
You can of course choose another name if you want.
This should be a new event in medder And now remember event emitter is imported from at angular core.
That's a generic type and we will pass a string here.
The feature which was selected in the end and we have to add parentheses to instantiate this.
So to create an object based on the event dimeter class that is our feature.
Select that event.
Now I want to use this property which now holds this event emitter as a value to emit the event whenever
we click one of the buttons and I will then embed feature.
So this string we receive from these method calls here in our template well with that and place the
missing pieces to and able days event to be listened to from outside of this component.
So we have to attach something to it as property to make it less honorable from the parent component
the AB component of this case that something SD the output decorator don't forget the parentheses.
Which also needs to be imported from an angle angler core and output enables us to use this event or
to listen to it from the parent component.
So in the app component which is the parent component which adds an adder here or here I will listen
to the features selected event and then here I will execute on navigate let's say and of course I'm
interested in the data I'm receiving from feature selected.
So I can get access to it with Dolorosa event.
There's protected name we could use in the template to get access to any data and event passes to us.
Now just because this might be confusing if you don't specify dollar sign event you're But Obert data
data like we did here right.
We kind of overrode dollar sign U-bend that doesn't actually override that.
You simply determine which data you want to pass to your own method and dollar sign event may also be
used as a second argument here dollar sign event will always refer to the event data anywhere between
these quotation marks here.
So no matter which place it has in the method argument list here.
So I just wanted to make sure that this doesn't lead to any confusion.
So let's turn this back to dollars and you went to get access to the data we actually passed in our
own event and now in the app component typescript file I will add on navigate and here I will receive
D where should we navigate to information so you may choose any name you want.
Ogger with feature again there's a future we want to navigate to and now we should make sure that we
actually store this feature.
So maybe here we should say a loaded feature because well we store which feature should be displayed
and initially that might be our recipes and maybe to make sure that we always use the same string that's
Check it.
Your recipe is to name your restis recipe feature.
So let's go with recipe here to.
And then on navigate I will set this loaded feature equal to the feature we receive here as an argument.
And you could even omit this method and directly said loaded feature equal dollar sign event here.
But I will go for a longer approach to be very explicit about what's happening here.
So with that we're getting this loaded feature.
Now we can use NGF to determine which of the two components should be displayed.
App recipe's should be displayed if loaded feature equals recipe and shopping list should be displayed
when ever loaded feature let's say does not equal a recipe.
So that will also catch cases where it somehow is set to something else.
So with that we're using NGF.
Now let's see if that works.
We only see the recipe now.
And if I click on a shopping list we see the shopping list and the other way around.
So now navigation is kind of working again.
We will later improve this but for now that is a great solution.
Now let's move on to making the list items your real list items living in their own component.